Schedule the dead links checking job (#388)
kyma-project/btp-manager: docs/contributor/04-10-workflows.md

## Markdown links check workflow

> This [workflow](/.github/workflows/markdown-link-check.yaml) is triggered daily at midnight and by PRs on the `main` branch. It checks for dead links in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PRs on the `main` branch trigger this [workflow](/.github/workflows/markdown-link-check.yaml) daily at midnight. It checks for dead links in the repository.
```

> This [workflow](/.github/workflows/markdown-link-check.yaml) is triggered daily at midnight and by PRs on the `main` branch. It checks for dead links in the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This [workflow](/.github/workflows/markdown-link-check.yaml) is triggered daily at midnight and by each PR on the `main` branch. It checks for dead links in the repository.
```
